c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\bin\Debug\ProcessesControl.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\bin\Debug\ProcessesControl.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\bin\Debug\ProcessesControl.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\ProcessesControl.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\ProcessesControl_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\ProcessesControl_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\ProcessesControl.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\ProcessesControl.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\ProcessesControl.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\ProcessesControl.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\ProcessesControl.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\BottomPanel.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\BottomPanel.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\ListBoxMenu.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\ListBoxMenu.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageLogs.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageProcesses.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageRegulations.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageSettings.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageLogs.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageProcesses.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageRegulations.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageSettings.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageAutorun.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\PageMenu\PageAutorun.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\ItemProcess.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\ItemProcess.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\MetroCheckBox.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\MetroTextBox.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\MetroWindowRegeditAddKeyValue.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\MetroCheckBox.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\MetroTextBox.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\MetroWindowRegeditAddKeyValue.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\MetroWindowClose.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\MetroWindowClose.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\ItemRegulation.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\ItemRegulation.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\WindowCreateRegulation.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\WindowCreateRegulation.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\ItemAutorun.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\ItemAutorun.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\WindowCreateFileAutorun.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\WindowStartProcess.g.cs
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\WindowCreateFileAutorun.baml
C:\Users\User\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProcessesControl\ProcessesControl\obj\Debug\UI\WindowStartProcess.baml
